index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## Professional experience

- Postdoctoral research associate at Carnegie Mellon Univerisy
  - May 2023 - Present
- Research scientist at Naver Clova.
  - December 2020 - April 2023

## Selected Publications
Refer to my CV for full list of publications.

1. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, J. Kim, H. Shim, and H. Yu, *"RawNet: Advanced end-to-end deep neural network using raw waveforms for text-independent speaker verification"*, in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2019.
2. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Tak, H. Shim, J. S. Chung, B. Lee, H. Yu, and N. Evans, *"AASIST: Audio anti-spoofing using integrated spectro-temporal graph attention networks"*, in Proc. ICASSP, 2022.
3. **J. Jung**, H. Tak, H. Shim, H. Heo, B. Lee, S. Chung, H. Yu, N. Evans, and T. Kinnunen, *"SASV 2022: The First Spoofing-Aware Speaker Verification Challenge"*, in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2022.
4. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Shim, and H. Yu, *"Knowledge Distillation in Acoustic Scene Classification"*, IEEE Access, 8, 166870-166879.
5. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Yu, and J. S. Chung, *"Graph Attention Networks for Speaker Verification"*, in Proc. ICASSP, 2021.

Commit message:

add education and selected honors

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## Professional experience

- Postdoctoral research associate at Carnegie Mellon Univerisy
  - May 2023 - Present
- Research scientist at Naver Clova.
  - December 2020 - April 2023

## Education

- PhD, Computer Science and Engineering
  - University of Seoul
  - March 2017 - February 2021
- BS, Computer Science and Engineering 
  - University of Seoul
  - March 2013 - February 2017
- BBA
  - University of Seoul
  - March 2013 - February 2017

## Selected honors and awards

- Ranked 1st place at the DCASE 2023 Challenge task 6-a (automated audio captioning, AAC)- 2023
- Ranked 3rd place at the Third DIHARD Speech Diarisation Challenge (track 1 core, speaker diarization, SD) - 2021

## Selected Publications
Refer to my CV for full list of publications.

1. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, J. Kim, H. Shim, and H. Yu, *"RawNet: Advanced end-to-end deep neural network using raw waveforms for text-independent speaker verification"*, in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2019.
2. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Tak, H. Shim, J. S. Chung, B. Lee, H. Yu, and N. Evans, *"AASIST: Audio anti-spoofing using integrated spectro-temporal graph attention networks"*, in Proc. ICASSP, 2022.
3. **J. Jung**, H. Tak, H. Shim, H. Heo, B. Lee, S. Chung, H. Yu, N. Evans, and T. Kinnunen, *"SASV 2022: The First Spoofing-Aware Speaker Verification Challenge"*, in Proc. INTERSPEECH, 2022.
4. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Shim, and H. Yu, *"Knowledge Distillation in Acoustic Scene Classification"*, IEEE Access, 8, 166870-166879.
5. **J. Jung**, H. Heo, H. Yu, and J. S. Chung, *"Graph Attention Networks for Speaker Verification"*, in Proc. ICASSP, 2021.
